README.md, before:

boilerplate-app
===============

This is a boilerplate app that contains the minimum required code to create
a Spotify app. It also contains a few simple examples of how to use some of
our APIs.

## Running the application
To run the application your Spotify account needs to have the developer flag
set. You can find out how to activate the developer flag [here](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/#developer-account).

Clone this repository in your Spotify workspace directory. If you haven't got a Spotify directory, read about where to create it [here](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/guidelines/developer/#creatinganapp). Cloning will create a subfolder called boilerplate-app. 

You can access the application (restart the Spotify desktop client if you have not done so) by typing in `spotify:app:boilerplate-app` in the search field.
Read more about this in the [Spotify Developer Guidelines](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/guidelines/developer/).

## Contents

The **[manifest.json](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/manifest.json)** file describes the application. For this app we have chosen
to support all languages available.

**[index.html](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/index.html)** loads the **[scripts/main.js]((https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/main.js)** file, our entry point to develop applications. In turn, main.js loads  four script files, each showcasing a part of the Spotify Apps API.

* **[scripts/button-example.js](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/button-example.js)** shows how to create some of the buttons our framework
supports. Find out more about buttons in the [Views Framework documentation](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/docs/preview/views/buttons.html).

* **[scripts/cover-example.js](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/cover-example.js)** shows how to create a playable cover image for an album.
Find out more about images in the [Views Framework documentation](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/docs/preview/views/image-image.html).

* **[scripts/language-example.js](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/language-example.js)** shows how to use our built-in i18n support.
Find out more about localization in our [Spotify Developer Guidelines](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/guidelines/developer/#localization) or in our
[API Framework documentation](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/docs/preview/api/api-core-spotifyapi-langmodule.html).

* **[scripts/playlist-example.js](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/playlist-example.js)** shows how to create a playlist for an album.
Find out more about playlists in the [Views Framework documentation](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/docs/preview/views/list.html).

## Helpful links

-  [Spotify Developer site](https://developer.spotify.com/)
-  [Spotify Developer Guidelines](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/guidelines/developer/)
-  [Spotify Apps API](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/)

Commit message:

Update README with Apps Submission closure information

README.md, after:

| Closure of Spotify Apps Submissions   |
| ------------------------------------- |
| Spotify closed the submission process for new apps on the 24th of March 2014. You can still develop apps, but your app will not be released through the App Finder and will thus not be accessible to other users. Please read the [announcement](http://devnews.spotify.com/2014/03/24/closure-of-spotify-apps-submissions/) on our Developer News site for more information. |

boilerplate-app
===============

This is a boilerplate app that contains the minimum required code to create
a Spotify app. It also contains a few simple examples of how to use some of
our APIs.

## Running the application
To run the application your Spotify account needs to have the developer flag
set. You can find out how to activate the developer flag [here](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/#developer-account).

Clone this repository in your Spotify workspace directory. If you haven't got a Spotify directory, read about where to create it [here](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/guidelines/developer/#creatinganapp). Cloning will create a subfolder called boilerplate-app. 

You can access the application (restart the Spotify desktop client if you have not done so) by typing in `spotify:app:boilerplate-app` in the search field.
Read more about this in the [Spotify Developer Guidelines](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/guidelines/developer/).

## Contents

The **[manifest.json](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/manifest.json)** file describes the application. For this app we have chosen
to support all languages available.

**[index.html](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/index.html)** loads the **[scripts/main.js]((https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/main.js)** file, our entry point to develop applications. In turn, main.js loads  four script files, each showcasing a part of the Spotify Apps API.

* **[scripts/button-example.js](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/button-example.js)** shows how to create some of the buttons our framework
supports. Find out more about buttons in the [Views Framework documentation](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/docs/preview/views/buttons.html).

* **[scripts/cover-example.js](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/cover-example.js)** shows how to create a playable cover image for an album.
Find out more about images in the [Views Framework documentation](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/docs/preview/views/image-image.html).

* **[scripts/language-example.js](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/language-example.js)** shows how to use our built-in i18n support.
Find out more about localization in our [Spotify Developer Guidelines](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/guidelines/developer/#localization) or in our
[API Framework documentation](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/docs/preview/api/api-core-spotifyapi-langmodule.html).

* **[scripts/playlist-example.js](https://github.com/spotify/boilerplate-app/blob/master/scripts/playlist-example.js)** shows how to create a playlist for an album.
Find out more about playlists in the [Views Framework documentation](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/docs/preview/views/list.html).

## Helpful links

-  [Spotify Developer site](https://developer.spotify.com/)
-  [Spotify Developer Guidelines](http://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/guidelines/developer/)
-  [Spotify Apps API](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/apps/)
